content/charities/index.md, before:

---
title: "Charities & Aid"
weight: 1
description: >
  List of charities serving Ukraine.
---

## Humanitarian Aid

* [Nova Ukraine](https://novaukraine.org/)<br />
Nova Ukraine is a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing
humanitarian aid to the people of Ukraine and raising awareness
about Ukraine in the United States as well as in the rest of the
world. They are providing [emergency aid](https://novaukraine.org/delivering-emergency-aid-to-the-ukrainian-refugees/)
directly in Ukraine and <u>have non-profit status in the United
States</u>.
* [Razom Ukraine](https://razomforukraine.org/donate/)<br />
Razom, which means “together” in Ukrainian, believes deeply in the
enormous potential of dedicated volunteers around the world united
by a single goal: to unlock the potential of Ukraine. Razom is
also providing [emergency aid](https://razomforukraine.org/razom-emergency-response/)
directly in Ukraine.

## Other Forms of Aid and Resources

* [Help Ukraine Win](https://helpukrainewin.org/)<br />Site
that aggregates charities and other information to help Ukraine.
* [Support Ukraine Now](https://supportukrainenow.org/)<br />Site
aggregating charities and other ways to directly help Ukrainians.

## Immigration Reponse

Some governments have given special visa and/or immigration status
to Ukranian refugees.

* 🇨🇦 [Canada](https://www.international.gc.ca/world-monde/issues_development-enjeux_developpement/response_conflict-reponse_conflits/crisis-crises/ukraine-fund-fonds.aspx?lang=eng)
* 🇮🇪 [Ireland](https://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/visas-for-ukrainian-citizens-entering-ireland-to-be-waived-taoiseach-confirms-1.4811368)
* 🇪🇺 [European Union](https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/eu-prepares-millions-refugees-ukraine-2022-03-03/)
  * Also reportd on [Council on Foreign Relations](https://www.cfr.org/in-brief/ukraine-humanitarian-crisis-refugees-aid).

Data also being kept updated on UN High Commissioner for Refugee's
web page ([here](https://data2.unhcr.org/en/situations/ukraine)).

## Past Campaigns

* The Canadian Government did a 1:1 match of donations to the Canadian Red Cross from 24 Feb - 18 Mar 2022. ([Canadian Government Website](https://www.international.gc.ca/world-monde/issues_development-enjeux_developpement/response_conflict-reponse_conflits/crisis-crises/ukraine-fund-fonds.aspx?lang=eng))

🌻

Commit message:

Added Red Cross to NO list

content/charities/index.md, after:

---
title: "Charities & Aid"
weight: 1
description: >
  List of charities serving Ukraine.
---

## Humanitarian Aid

* [Nova Ukraine](https://novaukraine.org/)<br />
Nova Ukraine is a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing
humanitarian aid to the people of Ukraine and raising awareness
about Ukraine in the United States as well as in the rest of the
world. They are providing [emergency aid](https://novaukraine.org/delivering-emergency-aid-to-the-ukrainian-refugees/)
directly in Ukraine and <u>have non-profit status in the United
States</u>.
* [Razom Ukraine](https://razomforukraine.org/donate/)<br />
Razom, which means “together” in Ukrainian, believes deeply in the
enormous potential of dedicated volunteers around the world united
by a single goal: to unlock the potential of Ukraine. Razom is
also providing [emergency aid](https://razomforukraine.org/razom-emergency-response/)
directly in Ukraine.

## Other Forms of Aid and Resources

* [Help Ukraine Win](https://helpukrainewin.org/)<br />Site
that aggregates charities and other information to help Ukraine.
* [Support Ukraine Now](https://supportukrainenow.org/)<br />Site
aggregating charities and other ways to directly help Ukrainians.

## Untrusted Orgs

Simialr to how there are sources of misinformation, there are
charities that **_aren't_** out there doing the good work. Here's
a list with context for Why They're Here:

* Red Cross - they are meeting with Lavrov in Mocscow, interested
in offices there as of 23 Mar 2022. [Source - Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/world/russias-lavrov-meet-red-cross-chief-moscow-ukraine-discussions-2022-03-23/), 
[Alt Source - US News](https://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2022-03-23/russias-lavrov-to-meet-red-cross-chief-in-moscow-for-ukraine-discussions),
[Anadolu Agency in Turkey reports new offices](https://www.aa.com.tr/en/russia-ukraine-war/red-cross-seeks-to-open-office-near-russia-ukraine-border/2544478)

## Immigration Reponse

Some governments have given special visa and/or immigration status
to Ukranian refugees.

* 🇨🇦 [Canada](https://www.international.gc.ca/world-monde/issues_development-enjeux_developpement/response_conflict-reponse_conflits/crisis-crises/ukraine-fund-fonds.aspx?lang=eng)
* 🇮🇪 [Ireland](https://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/visas-for-ukrainian-citizens-entering-ireland-to-be-waived-taoiseach-confirms-1.4811368)
* 🇪🇺 [European Union](https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/eu-prepares-millions-refugees-ukraine-2022-03-03/)
  * Also reportd on [Council on Foreign Relations](https://www.cfr.org/in-brief/ukraine-humanitarian-crisis-refugees-aid).

Data also being kept updated on UN High Commissioner for Refugee's
web page ([here](https://data2.unhcr.org/en/situations/ukraine)).

## Past Campaigns

* The Canadian Government did a 1:1 match of donations to the Canadian Red Cross from 24 Feb - 18 Mar 2022. ([Canadian Government Website](https://www.international.gc.ca/world-monde/issues_development-enjeux_developpement/response_conflict-reponse_conflits/crisis-crises/ukraine-fund-fonds.aspx?lang=eng))

🌻
