content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Support Ukraine"
weight: 1
description: "Main page for Support Ukraine"
---

# 🌻💙💛

![photograph of field of sunflowers and sky split between clear blue and sunset red](images/jeb-buchman-NjrjrdJE8As-unsplash.jpeg)

<small>Photo by [Jeb Buchman](https://unsplash.com/@jebbuchman?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/blue-sky--sunflower-field?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)</small>

## ⚠️  Time Sensitive Request for Information ⚠️

We are currently looking for:
* Template letters for reaching out to government officials in
support of Ukraine. Currently only template letter is
US-specific.
* Information about countries that have visa or any other special
immigration process for Ukrainian refugees.
* Any known Trusted Sources or Sources of Propoganda that are not
listed on our [Information & Disinformation](information) page.

If you have information about any of the above, please reach out
to us via our [Contact](contact) page.

---

This page is dedicated to those of us who wish to help
Ukraine by providing information and resources. These are
split into a few categories (also seen on the left nav menu):

* [Charities](charities)
* [Information & Disinformation](information)
* [OSINT](osint) (Open Source Intelligence)
* [Template Letters](templates)
* [What's Happening](whats-happening)
* [Contact Us](contact)

#### Breakdown of what each of these are

[Charities](charities) that are currently giving aid directly to
Ukraine. The charities listed here are local charities as large,
international charities are subject to beaurocratic delays and
getting resources to people is incredibly time-sensitive.

[Information and Disinformation](information) is two primary lists:
sites known to provide accurate information and a list of sources to
avoid that are known propoganda / spreading deliberately false
information. There is also a third list of sites to use with caution.

[OSINT](osint), or Open Source Intelligence, provides resources
specific to technology. These include relevant software projects
and tech initiatives.

[Template Letters](templates) are for those interested in reaching out
to elected officials. These are split out by geographic region / 
government.

[What's Happening](whats-happening) is the generic title chosen for
topics that are effectively a speed course through the various
governments, councils, names of representatives, and so forth and
how they relate to each other. (Currently being drafted.)

[Contact Us](contact) is how to reach out to help maintain this
site or to send us updated information, PRs, etc. This page also
lists specific information we're currently reaching out for
assistance with.

🌻

Commit message:

Added the doc for Ukrainian refugees

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Support Ukraine"
weight: 1
description: "Main page for Support Ukraine"
---

# 🌻💙💛

![photograph of field of sunflowers and sky split between clear blue and sunset red](images/jeb-buchman-NjrjrdJE8As-unsplash.jpeg)

<small>Photo by [Jeb Buchman](https://unsplash.com/@jebbuchman?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/blue-sky--sunflower-field?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)</small>

## ⚠️ Update: thorough documentation for Ukranian Refugees ⚠️

[This Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w59p4ar7wwrZCV8c9PeUIJPGFA53jUcFaJhJCCM5Fik/edit)
is available in English, Ukrainian, and Russian and has
information for Ukrainian refugees. It is very thorough (81 pages)
and information on nations that have visa/immigration processes,
if you are disabled, if you are LGBTQ+, and so on. 


## Time Sensitive Request for Information

We are currently looking for:
* Template letters for reaching out to government officials in
support of Ukraine. Currently only template letter is
US-specific.
* Information about countries that have visa or any other special
immigration process for Ukrainian refugees.
* Any known Trusted Sources or Sources of Propoganda that are not
listed on our [Information & Disinformation](information) page.

If you have information about any of the above, please reach out
to us via our [Contact](contact) page.

---

This page is dedicated to those of us who wish to help
Ukraine by providing information and resources. These are
split into a few categories (also seen on the left nav menu):

* [Charities](charities)
* [Information & Disinformation](information)
* [OSINT](osint) (Open Source Intelligence)
* [Template Letters](templates)
* [What's Happening](whats-happening)
* [Contact Us](contact)

#### Breakdown of what each of these are

[Charities](charities) that are currently giving aid directly to
Ukraine. The charities listed here are local charities as large,
international charities are subject to beaurocratic delays and
getting resources to people is incredibly time-sensitive.

[Information and Disinformation](information) is two primary lists:
sites known to provide accurate information and a list of sources to
avoid that are known propoganda / spreading deliberately false
information. There is also a third list of sites to use with caution.

[OSINT](osint), or Open Source Intelligence, provides resources
specific to technology. These include relevant software projects
and tech initiatives.

[Template Letters](templates) are for those interested in reaching out
to elected officials. These are split out by geographic region / 
government.

[What's Happening](whats-happening) is the generic title chosen for
topics that are effectively a speed course through the various
governments, councils, names of representatives, and so forth and
how they relate to each other. (Currently being drafted.)

[Contact Us](contact) is how to reach out to help maintain this
site or to send us updated information, PRs, etc. This page also
lists specific information we're currently reaching out for
assistance with.

🌻
